______ test was started.

1:20 pm temp changed from -20C to -25C to overshoot and get cells to desired temperature.

It seems to be obvserved that the temp sensors in cells 3, 6,7,8 are reading higher than the other cells.
These cells had either 

a.) To tight of a tolerance to fit the temp sensor far down enough to make contact with the fluids.

b.) Wasn't secured properly - the component responsible for holding the temp sensor broke, and the 
temp sensor was difficult to place correctly. 

The approach to solve this is to design a small detachable retaining clip that can be easily removed 
and added as needed. The clip should be attached firmly to the temp sensor, and remain attached 
when the clip is removed from the testing apparatus. 
The clip can work with the current design and offers a better overal solution 
and reduction in sensor assembly time. Since this part of the design is prone to fail due to tight 
tolerances and little material to work with. Once snapped off, the unit has to be reprinted. 

At 1:27 PM the temp reached the initial target of 20C. Cells 1,2,4 and 5 are showing this target temp. 

Either the sensors can be force fitted into the slots (Not ideal over time). 
Goal is to design and print clip.

Over shooting by 5 to 7.5 degrees and backing down (to about 2 to 2.5 degrees above the target temp) 
when the sensors are about 2 to 2.5 degrees above the overshoot target. 
leads to the ideal temperature. 

Summary:

Set Chamber to 5-7.5 degrees over target temperature
Wait till sensors read 2/2.5 degrees above target temperature
Set adjusted target temperature to 2/2.5 degrees above target temperature

Take measurement.

example:
Target temp: 25:
Adjust temp: 25 + 2.5 = 27.5
Overshoot temp: 25 + 7.5 = 32.5


Internal Notes
Currently, only observing cells 1,2,4,5 as cells 3,6,7,8 are suspected of faulty placement. 

When these cells reach 27.5 degrees, the chamber will be set to 27.5 degrees to maintain temp
at 25c within the cell.

Overshooting the temperature of the cells is required if "flash" cooling as the chamber will
turn on its heating element when backing down to the target temperature. This is why we 
wait for the cells to get to 2.5 degrees above target, and then set the temperature back 
down to target. 

We also adjust the target as the lowest reading cells (from the working) are observed 
to be about 2 degrees lower than the rest. By adjusting the target temperature by 
2 to 2.5 degrees we can bring all the cells to be within 1 degrees of the target temperature.